[Back to Home](../index.md)

RAPTROWINGS - Changelog v0.99e (06.02.2023)                            
-------------------------------------------

Changes:
--------
1. Code cleanup: Change access to CoinGecko Api from WebClient (Webclient are obsolet) to HttpClient
2. Code cleanup: Change access to Raptorhash Api from WebClient (Webclient are obsolet) to HttpClient
3. Code cleanup: Change access to Flockpool Api from WebClient (Webclient are obsolet) to HttpClient
4. Code cleanup: Change access to Raptoreum.Zone Api from WebClient (Webclient are obsolet) to HttpClient
5. Code cleanup: Readprice is now executed at the end of the Readbalance function to wait until the balance has been read.
6. Code cleanup: Violation of naming rules has been fixed. All functions and classes are now written with a capital initial letter.
7. Code cleanup: Readprice, ReadApi(Pool)are now asynchronous so that these functions are executed in the background and do not interfere with any other process.
8. Insert Instructions.pdf to Mainpath
9. Change the REAME_GER.md according to the structure of README.md
10. Insert Help-Icon in Rescources for later functions

Bug Fixed:
----------
1. Bug fixed: Blind Germardies: The Windows form now displays Raptorwings instead of Raptorwing. The "s" was missing.
2. Bug Fixed: The bug that the miner does not start if there is a space integrated in the Windows file path to Rapworeum.exe.
3. Bug Fixed: The bug that the wrong number of threads are taken over in MultiwingMining.
4. Bug fixed: If there is no device in the MultiWing Mining menu, the process is now aborted when clicking on the overview.
