[Back to Home](../index.md)

RAPTROWINGS - Changelog v0.99h (18.02.2023)                            
-------------------------------------------

Changes:
--------
1. Message after deleting a wallet address has been adjusted.
2. Message after saving the wallet list was adjusted.
3. Message after wallet address verification has been adjusted.
4. Adjusted message that is displayed when you have not created a wallet address for mining.
5. Adjusted messages that are displayed when entries are missing when saving a wingsheet.
6. Adjusted message that is displayed when you want to overwrite the default wingsheet.
7. Adjusted message that is displayed when you have created a MultinwingMining device.
8. Adjusted message that is displayed when one has deleted a MultinwingMining device.
9. Adjusted message that is displayed when something is wrong with the file system for mining.
10. Adjusted message displayed when trying to mine without wallet (MultiWingmining). 

Bug Fixed:
----------
1. Button "Delete wallet address" no longer executes a function if there is no entry in the list.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: OvErLoDe#4871

2. Button "Open RTM Explorer" no longer performs a function if there is no entry in the list.<br />
Bug found by Discord OvErLoDe#4871

3. Run Miner in background works again.
Bug found by Discord User: abdani#6797

4. Under MultiWingMining, "1 Core Donation" was still displayed under Default (Pure display error). Bug fixed<br />
Bug found by Discord User: abdani#6797

5. After deleting a wallet address, the balance and price was not adjusted immediately. This is due to the 60 second 
interval of the API query. The function has been rewritten so that a query is started when an address is deleted,
regardless of the interval.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: all_danger#5769

6. If no device is selected under MultiWingMining or there is no device in the list, clicking "Start Mining" will 
now give an error message.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: abdani#6797

7. Duplicate addresses in wallet overview are now prevented.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: ヾ((ﾒ`◣ ̧◢ ́) ﾉ ･ﾟ。゜゜#8220

8. Miner can be started multiple times: Normally Raptorwings detects if the SRB Miner is already running and colors 
the "Start Mining Button" red. Since this does not always seem to happen, when you click on the "Start Mining" 
button, Raptorwings now also checks if the SRB Miner is running as a Windows task.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: ヾ((ﾒ`◣ ̧◢ ́) ﾉ ･ﾟ。゜゜#8220

9. Small English adjustments in the language file.<br />
Bug found from Discord User: vladislav_kosko#1605

10. Header in the Instruction.pdf was adjusted<br />
Found from Discord User: OvErLoDe#4871

11. Page 4 of the Instruction.pdf was adjusted<br />
Found from Discord User: OvErLoDe#4871

12. Bug fixed: In the "About" window it was possible to click on the web links, but this did not lead to any further
action. Now clicking the web links opens the default browser with the clicked address.<br />
Bug found by Discord User: ヾ((ﾒ`◣ ̧◢ ́) ﾉ ･ﾟ。゜゜#8220
